what's up boomers landfill here with a
quick video about a website called
appnana comm you can go to this on your
iOS device and it is basically a website
that promotes other iOS applications
which then gives you points for
downloading those applications those app
data points can then be used to redeem
itunes giftcard as well as other store
gift cards you don't want to create an
account I've already created account but
once you create account you will get ten
thousand four hundred Nana's if you add
the application to the home screen
you will get an easy way to access this
website on a daily basis because you get
four hundred Nana's every time you log
into the website every day once you add
it to the home screen we can click on it
again and go back and get to the get
Nana's tab the first time you log in
you'll see a sync to download this
application basically what this
application does is it tracks from what
application citizens you actually
install so it can get you those points
so it's very necessary step so don't
skip it it also gives you five hundred
nana points once you do this for the
first time so going back into hit
continue for this part of it basically
what it does is you will have to log
into the sync part to sync it up with
your regular Nana account once you've
done that you will get all of the Nana
points that you've accumulated for that
day once you've done that we can go back
to the app nana website and then go to
the get Nana's tab here we'll see all
the applications you can install and the
point values associated with downloading
them usually you have to open up the
application for at least 30 seconds and
sometimes it takes up to 24 hours for
the points to get added to your account
I downloaded one app and got 7,000
nan-oh points you need 160,000 to redeem
for a $10 itunes giftcard but one of the
things you can also do is there's invite
codes i have an invite code it will be
in the description below it's also on
the right left-hand side of the screen
and there it is in the center of the
screen use this give me
2500 points give you 2,500 points and
what I will do with all the points I
accrue is put them back into the channel
through giveaways and cool videos for
you guys definitely a cool website go
check it out who doesn't like free
diamonds for Boone Beach
check out the cool videos that I have on
the right hand side of the screen
subscribe if you haven't looked forward
to seeing you in the next video